The Yom Kippur fast is a sneaky one. Rosh Hashanah was only 10 short days agojust last week we were all blissfully enjoying endless amounts of challah, consuming more jars of honey than a drunk Winnie the Pooh. But, like a hangover you have to endure in your 10 am lecture Friday morning after a Thursday night out, we all knew this was coming the 25hour Yom Kippur fast. Yes, 25 hours  not 24, because we, the Jewish people, werent satisfied with the limits of a normal day, and thus, the extra hour nonsense. Talk about going above and beyond.If youre looking for someone who feels your pain, Im sure you have several friends enduring the same gnawing hunger. However, if you need a greater sense of communal misery during this hangry time, we turn to the only woman who can provide a voice of sanity and reason in crises like these Amy Schumer.
This is gonna be a freakin breeze. Youve juice cleansed, cabbage dieted and gone an entire day eating only, like, one Chipotle burrito and four pretzels once, so youre basically a pro. Its hour one and with gds blessing and your insane willpower, you are feeeeeeelin it.
Youre totally fine. Like, seriously, totally fine. Youre not even hungry. Actually, youre full. You definitely woke up this morning and had breakfast and not just gulps of air. Youre totally okay, youre more than okay  you are absolutely great.
Youve been sitting in services listening to the rabbi drone on in a language you still havent mastered despite 13 years of Hebrew school and being bar mitzvahd. You thought perhaps prayer would save you, but the food that should be satiating your craving is instead being replaced by the annoyance filling you up inside.
Youve stuck it out at synagogue for as long as humanly possible, and youre finally headed home to LAY. You have no food, no energy and nothing keeping you alive at this point. You feel like a limp noodle. OMG noodles. The couch looks inviting. Ugh, but your bed is also your bed. Honestly, at this point, the floor will do just fine.
LOL THIS IS SO FUNNY IM SO HUNGRY AND LITERALLY CANNOT FEEL THE LIMBS OF MY BODY OR ANY PART OF MY FACE JUST LIKE THE WEEKEND SAID LOL HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA WHAT. YES, MY COFFEE TABLE IS DEFINITELY EDIBLE. MMMM THE TASTE OF MAHOGANY.
Original post by Rebecca Soverinsky for Spoon University  Michigan.
Nah, Im cool at this leisurely rate of 0 mph.
Almost immediately after allegations broke that David Cameron had put a private part of his body into a dead pig while at university a claim Downing Street wont discuss, people began noting the storys similarities with a 2011 episode of Charlie Brookers Black Mirror in which a fictional British prime minister played by Rory Kinnear is blackmailed into having sex with a pig live on national television after a princess is kidnapped.
In an interview with BuzzFeed News, Brooker said he had known nothing about the allegations, and described what it was like when he was first contacted about the similarities with his show last night I didnt know really what to think, so it took me a bit of clicking around to work out what on earth was happening. I thought maybe that he mentioned the episode.Put it this way, my mind didnt immediately go, Oh, he must have fucked a pig then? I was very confused.
I think its mainly because were exaggerating the present and sort of coming out with an exaggerated version of now.  I think it is by accident really. This was one that I would have not have seen coming.
Hello. How are you?Alright. I think. Just checking that Im not living in a simulation. I was genuinely worried about that at one point last night.How are you handling being the new Nostadramus?Kind of worried by that. It would be good if I could predict things that were pleasant, like, I dont know, a new praline Kit Kat or something. Its really, really weird. Really, really, weird, obviously. The first question that a lot of people were asking me was, Did you know something? and I didnt. I had no idea. I had never heard anything, so it is a complete coincidence, albeit a very, very strange one.When you wrote the episode, I guess you must have thought that such an eventuality could never happen.Not exactly, and that was sort of the point  that it would never happen That it was such an outrageous request on the part of the antagonist in the story. It wasnt like I had Cameron in mind, even, I think, when writing it. I dont think we say which party Michael Callow, our fictional PM, was from. It was quite a sympathetic portrayal of him in the episode. No. laughs I didnt see this happen.
Rory Kinnear as the prime minister in Black Mirror.
How did you first hear about it? Did you find it on Twitter?It was just last night, my phone just went bonkers. It was people texting me, emailing me, Twitter notifications, and this that and the other. And it took me a couple of minutes to work out what the hell was going on, because there was something involving Cameron, Black Mirror, and the Mail. And I didnt know really what to think, so it took me a bit of clicking around to work out what on earth was happening. I thought maybe that he mentioned it? Put it this way, my mind didnt immediately go, Oh, he must have fucked a pig then? I was very confused. Very confused.And I did genuinely worry for a moment whether reality is a fiction designed to confuse me, which isnt a thought that you are meant to really have.You went through the scripts last night and tweeted a couple of excerpts last night. Were those the only moments that you saw resonating?Oh no, you know what? I could have carried on going, but I thought the whole... I think the script is on the DVD. Theres whole chunks. I was thinking this morning, theres a whole scene in it relatively early on where theres a TV newsroom and the reporters are all complaining that everyone on Twitter is talking about the prime minister and the pig and that they are not allowed to discuss this on the air and that this is an intolerable state of affairs. And I thought that this scene must have played out in a lot of newsrooms this morning. And theyre debating on what language to use within the show. Theyre worrying about how they can possibly even describe this to viewers at breakfast, so all of that side of things is bizarre.
The newsroom scene in Black Mirror.
Watching the episode this morning, it feels now like the episode was written inspired from events rather than the other way round.does a highpitch squeal Its so strange Also, at the end of the episode his approval ratings have actually gone up slightly, so its not all bad. laughs I mean, I was asked earlier on, Has this changed your opinion of David Cameron? and I kind of feel a bit sorry for him. Its such a grotesque... Its a thing that one unnamed person has said in an unauthorised biography cowritten by somebody who, by their own admission, has got a grudge against him. But its so irresistibly baroque and grisly that people are kind of willing it to be true. It says something that we sort of believe that it could be true. I suspect that the reality... I wonder if the reality is slightly more boring, that there were high jinks involving a pig but maybe not that. I dont know. Pics or it didnt happen.Theres apparently a photo, isnt there? You know, theres a sequel to The National Anthem  a prime minister has to personally do a Jack Bauer and break into a fortified home to retrieve a photograph with his knob in a pigs mouth. laughs I didnt try to predict this
Are there any other episodes of the show that you fear might also come true?Whats weird was that there was an article the other day about Black Mirror episodes coming true that was on The Daily Beast, and it specifically points out The National Anthem and points out, This is one where theres no direct correlation with this episode. Well, actually that has turned out to be the most accurate one.Quite a few of the episodes, just after they have gone on air, something has happened that is sort of similar. We did an episode called Be Right Back where Hayley Atwell plays a woman whose boyfriend has died and theres a service that looks through all his tweets and Facebook status updates and emails and reconstructs an A.I. version of him, and literally a week after that went out a similar service was announced that would do that. We did an episode called The Entire History of You where everyones every recorded memory is being stored and replayed and then Google Glass and Facebook changed the way its timeline works just after that went out. We did an episode where everyone in the world is peddling on power bikes and currency and generating power screens in front of them and there was a prison in Brazil that sort of did something similar.A lot of episodes seem to slightly come true. Id love to think that I was psychic  actually, it would be awful, Ive seen The Dead Zone. But it would have been great if in The Dead Zone Christopher Walken had shaken a politicians hand and had seen him fucking a pig rather than starting World War III. That would have been a good plot development.I think its mainly because were exaggerating the present and sort of coming out with an exaggerated version of now, inevitably you end up with reality sort of... I think it is by accident, really. This was one that I would have not have seen coming.
I dont think anyone saw it coming, bar of course the authors and the Daily Mail. Oh, I know I mean really when I wrote that episode, I had in mind Gordon Brown and the BigotGate scandal and things like Im a Celebrity and things like that, do you know what I mean? The whole process by which people, and George Galloway licking milk out of a bowl and spectacles like that, and the spectacle of the story getting out of control. And within the episode it is a sympathetic portrayal really of somebody caught up in this awful, awful situation.Theres an old possibly apocryphal Lyndon B. Johnson quote that has been doing the rounds today which was something about it being a political tactic, that you denounce your opponent as a pigfucker. It doesnt have to be true  they then have to try to deny it. So you wonder, because this is just nonsense, and it is maliciously ingenious nonsense, isnt it? Theres no way that wasnt going to spread around like wildfire.
I mean, I dont know what to say. Congratulations?It does worry me. I am always thinking of horrible story ideas and I dont want them to come true. Im only going to think of happy endings from now on. Someone creates a machine that turns the entire world into marshmallow. And they all live happily ever after.
Super Amy lives.
It was touching.
It was a normal Thursday for CBC Newfoundland news reporter Zach Goudie. Autumn cast itself over the day, leaves started to change colours, the air was crisp with the promise of fall. Zach steeped his tea, listened to his favourite podcast, giggled at the funny bits, went to the bathroom  thrice  and pressed the power button and was bathed in the soft glow of his computer quietly waking up.
He confirmed to BuzzFeed Canada that the essay was indeed 3,000 words long.
From then on, my afternoon got much busier, and I didnt check Twitter again until early that evening. When I took out my phone I saw a Twitter notification Your Tweet is getting more retweets than usual.Thats nice, I thought. How many retweets, I wonder. Ten, maybe 20?I looked closely. It was nearly a thousand.My brow furrowed with confusion.I frantically scrolled my Twitter notifications backwards to find where this frenzy of activity began. And there, at the beginning of the feed, with the very first retweet, I found the reigning queen of pop culture.
With a single touch of Swifts finger, the audience for my tweet increased by orders of magnitude. The effect can actually be seen in Twitters analytics service.One way to measure the success of a tweet is called impressions, which basically means that a tweet was seen by another person. My average tweet generates between 1,000 and 2,000 impressions. A good tweet, 510,000. My very best tweet, 2030,000.As of this writing, the tweet retweeted by Taylor Swift has generated more than a million impressions.
If I had sent the same tweet 24 hours later, I guarantee that Swift would not have retweeted it.In daily journalism, there is a truism better to be quick than clever. Theres no point in thinking up a killer headline for your story if doing so causes you to miss your deadline.My tweet wasnt the cleverest, but because it was among the first to comment on Adams new song, it stood out from the mountain of tweets that followed shortly thereafter.
Meanwhile
It was exciting for the minute, briefest of moments that Taylor Swift was even aware of my existence all the way in St. Johns, Newfoundland, Zach said. It sets your heart aflutter to see something like that.
Zach told us he had a few friends trying to ride some of that coattail fame, saying Theyd be like, So you got retweeted by Taylor, and you follow me. So I basically know Taylor now.
Follow zachgoudie. He got RTed by Taylor Swift.
Theres a very fine line of making too big deal about it, he said. But you dont want to let a meaningful moment pass or not be celebrated. You dont wanna go around bragging  I was concerned the column would be a humblebrag. But life is too short to pass up the chance for excitement.
Much like Taylor, haters can hate, hate, hate, hate, he joked.
Whoa, meta.
Everyone needs more mascots in their lives, tbh.
Like seriously, WHY DO FRUIT AND VEGETABLES NEED PROTECTION?
Please be considerate of other passengers while using your computer keyboard noises, etc.WHAT COULD THE ETC. POSSIBLY BE??
__
Never change.
HOW DARE HE DO THIS TO DAYA.
And still want to blame Matt.
But also lets let poor Matt McGorry live.